Added Hyperledger Burrow to deprecated software page [Fixes #7413] (#7416)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/deprecated-software/index.md

Minimal was replaced by [polgon-sdk](https://github.com/0xPolygon/polygon-edge)

### Hyperledger Burrow {#hyperledger-burrow}

Deprecated in 2022.

**Summary** 

> Hyperledger Burrow is a permissioned Ethereum smart-contract blockchain node. It executes Ethereum EVM and WASM smart contract code on permissioned virtual machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hyperledger Burrow was a permissioned Ethereum smart-contract blockchain node. It executed Ethereum EVM and WASM smart contract code on permissioned virtual machines.
```

Should be in past tense
